---
id: faq
title: Beaver Builder FAQ
sidebar_label: FAQ
description: Frequently asked questions for the Beaver Themer add-on plugin.
---

Frequently asked questions for the Beaver Themer add-on plugin.

## Difference between Beaver Themer & BB Theme?

<div className="embed-responsive">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/KNpGTrCguEA" title="YouTube video player" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>

The [Beaver Builder Theme](https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com/wordpress-framework-theme/) is a WordPress theme. The [Beaver Builder plugin](https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com) and [Beaver Themer](https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com/beaver-themer/) are both plugins.

Every WordPress installation requires a theme. Themes control the header and
footer on the page, as well as options such as a sidebar or footer for widgets
and how blog posts are displayed. Themes also usually allow you to set some
global styling options for your pages, such as fonts and colors.

The Beaver Builder plugin lets you create layouts in the content area
of the page. That's the part of the page that is not controlled by a theme.
For more information on the difference between the content area and theme
areas of a page, see [the primer article](/beaver-themer/getting-started/primer-on-wordpress-content-and-theme-areas-themer).

The Beaver Themer plugin is an add-on plugin that uses Beaver Builder to
create layouts that you can apply anywhere on the page _except_ the content
area. For example, you could create a Themer layout for a header and use it to
replace the standard theme header on all pages on your site or a subset.

Which of the three Beaver Builder products do you need?

The Beaver Builder plugin is the base product, and it's used for creating
content layouts. It works with most themes and does not require the Beaver
Builder Theme or Beaver Themer.

The Beaver Builder Theme is a well-coded framework theme that is tightly
integrated with the Beaver Builder plugin. The Beaver Builder plugin plus
Beaver Builder Theme give you enough flexibility that you'll probably never
have to buy another theme.

Beaver Themer is the add-on to get if you want to do any of the following:

* Create header or footer layouts that override your theme.
* Create layouts for index, archive, search, and 404 pages that are dynamically generated by WordPress.
* Create layouts to display single posts, which override the parts of the page that lie outside the content area.  
With this type of layout, you use the WordPress editor to create the content that appears in the content area of the page.
* Create layout "parts" that can be inserted above or below headers, footers, or the content area and specify where they will appear.  
This layout type is ideal for inserting items like banners on a number of
pages.

Beaver Themer requires the Beaver Builder plugin, but it doesn't require the
Beaver Builder Theme, even though all three are designed to integrate well
together. See the [list of themes that are fully supported by Beaver Themer](/beaver-themer/management-compatibility/beaver-themer-supported-themes).

## Which Licenses include Beaver Themer?

Beaver Themer is included with all premium licenses (Start, Plus, Professional, and Unlimited).

For Legacy license holders, Beaver Themer was exclusively bundled with the Beaver Builder Ultimate license. If you own or purchase a Beaver Builder Standard, Pro, or Agency license, you’ll need to buy a separate Beaver Themer license.

## Does Beaver Themer work with the lite version?

Unfortunately, Beaver Themer is an add-on for the premium version of Beaver Builder (Standard, Pro, Agency, and Ultimate) and is not compatible with the lite version.

## What themes can I use Beaver Themer with?

Most themes support archive, singular, and 404 layout types out of the box. However, to support the Theme Builder header, footer, and part layouts, themes must be built a certain way.

Currently, Beaver Themer pairs well with the [Beaver Builder Theme](https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com/wordpress-framework-theme/) and is supported by [several 3rd party themes listed here](/beaver-themer/management-compatibility/beaver-themer-supported-themes).

## Does Beaver Themer require Page Builder?

Yes! Beaver Themer is an add-on to Page Builder and will not function if Page Builder is not installed alongside.

## How many sites can I use Beaver Themer on?

Beaver Themer follows the same site activation limit as your Beaver Builder license plan. This means the number of websites you can use Beaver Themer on depends on the plan you purchased.
