---
id: glossary
title: Glossary of Beaver Builder and WordPress terms
sidebar_label: Glossary
---

Definitions pertain to standard versions of WordPress and Beaver Builder with
no customizations applied.

WP=WordPress  
BB=Beaver Builder  
(plus a few HTML and CSS terms)

## Archives (WP)

Lists of posts that are filtered in some way, such as a date range, or by
author, category, or tag. The search results page for your blog is also a type
of archive. Archive pages are generated automatically by WordPress, so you
can't edit them directly.

Note that the blog posts index and Posts page are often called an archive (for
example, in Beaver Themer an Archive-type layout applies to either index pages
or archive pages or both), but they are handled a bit differently in
WordPress.

## Beaver Themer (BB)

A plugin that is an add-on to Beaver Builder and that controls parts of the
page that are normally under the control of the WordPress theme.

## Blog posts index (WP)

A list of single posts in reverse chronological order, with content either
excerpted or in full form, with links to the individual posts. The blog post
index appears on the _front page_ of your site by default. Blog post indexes
are automatically generated by WordPress, so you can't edit them directly.

##  Class (HTML)

An attribute with a custom value that is assigned to an HTML element. The
class attribute is similar to the _ID_ attribute, except a class value doesn't
have to be unique. Class values are usually used as selectors in CSS rules.

## Content area (WP)

The editing screen where authors enter content. Both _posts_ and _pages_ have
one and only one content area and editing screen. Beaver Builder lets
you create more complex layouts in the content area of pages and posts than
you could in the standard WordPress editor, and Beaver Themer lets you create
layouts outside the content area, which normally are controlled by the theme.
See [the article on content and theme areas](/beaver-themer/getting-started/primer-on-wordpress-content-and-theme-areas-themer.md) of the page.

## Front page (WP)

The web page that people see when they go to your domain name
(www.example.com). By default, WordPress displays a _blog post index_ on the
front page, but you can change the display to a _static page_ in **Settings >
Reading**. The front page is often called the home page, but this generates
some confusion with the more technical WordPress definition. See also _Home
page_.

## Header (WP)

The area at the top of a WordPress page that can contain a top bar, header
(for a logo or business name), and nav area (menu). The header is normally
controlled by the theme, but you can create a custom header with a Themer
layout. See also [the article on the Header layout type](/beaver-themer/layout-types-modules/header-layout-type/themer-header-layout-type.md).

## Home page (WP)

The home page for your blog posts index, which can appear either on the front
page of your site or on a static page, depending on what you specify in
**Settings > Reading**. In both cases, the _home.php_ WordPress template is
used to display the index.

See also _Front page_.

## ID (HTML)

An attribute with a custom value that is assigned to an HTML element. An ID
value must be unique on any particular web page. ID values are usually used as
link targets and as selectors in CSS rules.

## Layout template (BB)

(1) Any of the built-in layout templates that come with both the Beaver
Builder plugin and Beaver Themer.  
(2) Any layout you create in Beaver Builder and save as a template.  
(3) Any layout template installed by a third-party plugin

You can add a built-in, saved, or third-party layout template to any layout in
the Beaver Builder editor. You must apply the layout template manually, and
it's not global. In other words, once you apply the layout template to a page,
the layout is disconnected from the saved template, and any changes to the
page will not affect the saved layout template or any other page to which the
saved template has been applied.

## Margin (CSS)

In the CSS box model, the distance between the edge of the box and the border.
See also [the article on margins and padding](/beaver-builder/layouts/margins-padding/margin-padding.md).

## Padding (CSS)

In the CSS box model, the distance between the border and the content area of
the box. See also [the article on margins and padding](/beaver-builder/layouts/margins-padding/margin-padding.md).

## Page (WP)

Entries that contain content not associated with a date, author, category, or
tag. Because pages are not generated in date-sensitive lists, they are
referred to as having static content. These entries are created by going to
**Pages > Add New**. Pages are normally accessed by means of menus and links,
unlike the index and archive pages of Posts. Pages are similar to Posts in
that the layout outside the _content area_ is controlled by the _theme_.

## Page template (WP)

The [WordPress template](https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/template-files-section/page-template-files/) applied to a page or post, which you can select through
the **Templates** field in the **Page attributes** section of a WordPress
editing page. The templates are determined by the active theme. See [this article about Beaver Builder Theme page templates](https://docs.wpbeaverbuilder.com/bb-theme/getting-started/built-in-theme-templates-for-single-pages-and-posts/).

## Post (WP)

Any entry that appears in the **Posts > All posts** list, which is accessed
from the WordPress admin panel. Every post includes both post content
(provided in the WordPress editing screen) and _post metadata_. Posts are
included in the _blog posts index_ and _archives_ generated by WordPress.

## Post metadata (WP)

Information about a post such as its creation date, author, and any categories
or tags it belongs to. This post metadata is stored in the database and
appears outside the _content area, so it's managed by the theme, or by a
Beaver Themer Singular-type layout._

## Posts page (WP)

A _blog posts index_ that appears on a static page that you specify in
**Settings > Reading**.

**Note:** Using a Beaver Builder Posts module on a static page is neither a
blog posts index nor an archive. See [the article on generated WordPress archives vs. Beaver Builder layouts](/beaver-builder/layouts/post-layouts/generated-wordpress-archives-versus-beaver-builder-layouts.md).

## Saved row, column, or module

A row, column, or module that is saved for reuse. Rows, columns, or modules
can be saved as either _standard_ or _global_. _Standard_ means when they are
added to a layout they are disconnected from the save version, and any changes
made affect only that instance. _Global_ means when they  are added to a
layout, any changes made affect both the saved version and any other instances
used within the same site.

## Selector (CSS)

The part of the CSS rule that names where the rule will apply. Examples of
selectors are HTML element names (body, h1, etc.), IDs, and classes.

## Single post (WP)

See _Post_.

## Static page (WP)

Any entry that appears in the **Pages > All pages** list that is accessed from
the WordPress admin panel. Static pages aren't tied to chronology, authors,
categories, or tags the way posts are. You can control whether the _front
page_ of your website is a _blog post index_ or a static page that you specify
in **Settings > Reading**.

## Template

See _Layout template (BB)_ or _Page template (WP)_.

## Theme (WP)

A collection of files that control the way the site is displayed. A theme is
mandatory in the WordPress framework and only one theme can be active at a
time. Themes control aspects of a site such as the default font, and font size
colors. Its page templates also control page layouts outside the _content
area_. See also [the article on content and theme areas](/beaver-themer/getting-started/primer-on-wordpress-content-and-theme-areas-themer.md) of the page.

## Themer layout (BB)

Any layout that you create in _Beaver Themer_. Themer layouts are edited using
the Beaver Builder editor, and new Themer layouts open with the _layout
template_ appropriate for that Themer layout type.

Themer layouts are automatically applied to any page that you specify as a
location in the Themer layout, and they are global, in the sense that you can
only edit the central Themer layout and it will change the layout at every
location to which it applies.

## Widget (WP)

A discrete block of functionality that enables users to insert content into
parts of the post or page that are controlled by theme, such as sidebars and
footer widget area. Widgets are stored in **Appearance > Widgets**. These
days, plugins such as Beaver Builder and Beaver Themer let you design layout
and add content both to the content area and to areas controlled by a theme,
so the purpose of widgets has become less clear. You can use WordPress widgets
anywhere in Beaver Builder layouts – inside the content area in the standard
Beaver Builder plugin and outside the content area in Beaver Themer.
