---
id: affiliate-program
title: Affiliate Program
sidebar_label: Affiliate Program
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

This section contains information about the Beaver Builder Affiliate Program.

* [Signup fee](#signup-fee)
* [Where can I find your Affiliate Agreement?](#where-can-i-find-your-affiliate-agreement)
* [What are the payment options and minimum payout limits?](#what-are-the-payment-options-and-minimum-payout-limits)
* [What is your cookie duration?](#what-is-your-cookie-duration)
* [Do I need to have an active Beaver Builder subscription?](#do-i-need-to-have-an-active-beaver-builder-subscription)
* [How often will I be paid?](#how-often-will-i-be-paid)
* [How do I get banners and text links for affiliate ads?](#how-do-i-get-banners-and-text-links-for-affiliate-ads)
* [How much can I earn with your Affiliate Program?](#how-much-can-i-earn-with-your-affiliate-program)
* [Am I allowed to bid for Beaver Builder related keywords on Search Engines?](#am-i-allowed-to-bid-for-beaver-builder-related-keywords-on-search-engines)
* [Am I allowed to use Beaver Builder in my domain or website name?](#am-i-allowed-to-use-beaver-builder-in-my-domain-or-website-name)


### Signup fee


Registering is free! Just complete our [affiliate application](https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com/affiliates/) to apply to our program.

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### Where can I find your Affiliate Agreement?

You'll find the Affiliate Agreement on our website via this URL: [https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com/affiliate-program-terms-conditions/](https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com/affiliate-program-terms-conditions/).

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### What are the payment options and minimum payout limits?

All affiliate payouts are paid via PayPal and all payouts will be made when the affiliate's accumulated eligible earnings meet or exceed the threshold of US$100.

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### What is your cookie duration?

Our affiliate program uses cookies to track sales generated by your affiliate link. The cookies will remain valid for 60 days.

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### Do I need to have an active Beaver Builder subscription?

No, you do not need to have an active subscription to be an affiliate. However, the more familiar you are with Beaver Builder, the easier it will be to recommend and sell.

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### How often will I be paid?

Affiliate earnings will be eligible for payout 30 days after the end of the month in which they accrue.

For example, earnings accrued any time during the month of January will be eligible for payment when payouts are processed in March. All eligible payouts will be processed for payment by the Company by the 20th of each month.

☝️ [Top](#)

---
### How do I get banners and text links for affiliate ads?

You can find all of the banners and affiliate links with your unique affiliate link within your [Affiliate area](https://www.wpbeaverbuilder.com/affiliate-area/). All banners are found on the Creatives tab.

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### How much can I earn with your Affiliate Program?

There is no limit on your earning. As long as the sales you refer are made legitimately, we are happy to pay for them.

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### Am I allowed to bid for Beaver Builder related keywords on Search Engines?

Affiliates are not allowed to bid on keywords or phrases containing the "Beaver Builder" trademark or any variation of the trademarked term on Pay-Per-Click or Pay per Impression campaigns on any search engine, including but not limited to Google, Yahoo, MSN, Ask, or Bing.

☝️ [Top](#)

---

### Am I allowed to use Beaver Builder in my domain or website name?

We do not permit using any of the Company intellectual property (IP) or any confusingly similar variation of the Company IP. This includes a restriction on using the Company IP in any domain or website name, in any keywords or advertising, in any metatags or code, or in any way that is likely to cause consumer confusion.

☝️ [Top](#)

---