---
id: themer-locations-reference
title: Themer locations reference
sidebar_label: Themer locations reference
---

When you create a Themer layout, you specify a location and a location scope for where the layout will apply. This article lists and describes the locations and scopes.

This can be confusing because of vague semantic boundaries of terms used for websites and WordPress. For example, the word "page" can refer to the WordPress Page template, which is actually a post type in WordPress architecture, or it can refer to site pages without regard to what WordPress post type they are.

The following information uses lower case "page" when referring to any website page, regardless of WordPress type, and it uses title case "Page" and "Post" when referring to specific WordPress post types. The acronym CPT refers to Custom Post Type, and it includes both CPTs that you create yourself and CPTs created by plugins such as WooCommerce.

:::info 
The 404 layout type has no **Location** options, because it always applies to the page that appears for 404 Page Not Found errors.
:::

Category  |  Location field  |  Scope field  |  Description  |  Layout type
---|---|---|---|---
**General** |  Entire site  |  n/a  |  Applies indiscriminately to every page of the site, including 404 pages.  |  Header, Footer, Part
 &nbsp;  |  All singular  |  n/a  |  Applies to all single Posts, Pages, and single custom posts. For WooCommerce, applies to single products, Cart, Checkout, My Account, but not the Shop page or product category archive pages. (Doesn't apply to archive or 404 pages.)  &nbsp;  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
 &nbsp;  |  All archives  |  n/a  |  Applies to the index, Posts page, and archive pages generated by WordPress for standard Posts. Applies to the WooCommerce Shop page. See [this article for definitions of the index, posts, and archives](/beaver-builder/layouts/post-layouts/basics-how-wordpress-handles-blog-posts-and-archives.md). (Doesn't apply to Pages that have Beaver Builder layouts with Posts modules.)  |  Header, Footer, Archive, Part
 &nbsp;  |  Author archives  |  n/a  |  Applies to all archive pages displaying posts by single authors for Posts and CPTs that use author metadata.  |  Header, Footer, Archive, Part
 &nbsp;  |  Date archives  |  n/a  |  Applies to all archive pages displaying posts by date groups for Posts and CPTs that use date metadata.  |  Header, Footer, Archive, Part
 &nbsp;  |  Search results  |  n/a  |  Applies to all pages displaying search results |  Header, Footer, Archive, Part
 &nbsp;  |  404 page  |  n/a  |  Applies to the page that appears to indicate a 404 Page Not Found error.  |  Header, Footer, Part
**Posts** |  Post  |  **All posts** or one specific Post  |  Applies to all standard single Posts or one specified standard single Post. (Doesn't apply to custom posts, including WooCommerce products.)  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
|  &nbsp;  |  Post Category  |  **All categories** or one specific post category | Applies to all standard single Posts that belong to the category specified. (Doesn't apply to custom posts including WooCommerce products, even if the custom post uses WordPress categories. Doesn't apply to category archive pages.)  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
|  &nbsp;  |  Post Category Parent | One specific category | Applies to all single Posts assigned to the direct child of selected category. |  Header, Footer, Single, and Part
|   &nbsp; | Post tag  |  **All tags** or one specific tag you have defined  |  Applies to all standard single Posts that are marked for the tag specified. (Doesn't apply to custom posts. Doesn't apply to tag archive pages.)  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
**Post archives** |  Post archive  |  n/a  |  Applies to the index, Posts page, and archive pages generated by WordPress for standard Posts. See [this article for definitions of the index, posts, and archives](/beaver-builder/layouts/post-layouts/basics-how-wordpress-handles-blog-posts-and-archives.md). (Doesn't apply to CPT archives or Pages that have Beaver Builder layouts with Posts modules.)  |  Header, Footer, Archive, Part
| &nbsp; |  Post category archive  |  **All categories** or one specific post category |  Applies to any category archive page that displays standard Posts for the specified category. (Doesn't apply to CPT category archives, such as WooCommerce, or to CPTs that allow standard Post categories.)  |  Header, Footer, Archive, Part
| &nbsp; |  Post tag archive  |  **All tags** or one specific post tag  |  Applies to any tag archive page that displays standard Posts for the specified tag. (Doesn't apply to CPT tag archives.)  |  Header, Footer, Archive, Part
**Pages** |  Page  |  **All pages** or one specific page  |  Applies to any page that matches the specified location scope. For **All pages**, applies to the WooCommerce **Cart**, **Checkout**, and **My account** pages but not **Shop**. (Doesn't apply to any WordPress-generated archive.)  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
|  &nbsp;  |  Page parent  |  One specific page that has children  |  Applies to any child page whose parent is the specified page. (Doesn't apply to the parent page itself or to grandchildren of the specified page.)  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
|  &nbsp;  |  Page ancestor |  One specific page that has children  |  Applies to all descendants underneath the specified ancestor page, at any level. (Doesn't apply to the ancestor page itself.)  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
**Media** |  Media  |  All media or one specific media item  |  Applies to the page that displays the specified media item in an individual Page. (For example, the Photo module includes **Photo page** as a **Link type** selection.)  |  Header, Footer, Singular, Part
**CPT posts and archives**  |  (depends on CPT)  |  All items or one specific item |  If you have any CPTs, including plugins, they appear as sections for single posts and archives. For example, WooCommerce appears as a **Products** and **Product archives** section. Single custom posts and product custom post archive selections work the same way as for standard posts.  |  Matches choices for standard Posts and Archives
